---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDouble
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbYes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbIgnore
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbProperCase
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbObject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbApplicationModal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbReadOnly
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFirstJan1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbExclamation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNullString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDefaultButton2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbHidden
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbBack
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSimplifiedChinese
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbCancel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDirectory
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbArray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbTraditionalChinese
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbAbort
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbInteger
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFirstFourDays
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbBoolean
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDefaultButton1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbUpperCase
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLong
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxRtlReading
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFirstFullWeek
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbTrue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbOK
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbHiragana
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNarrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDefaultButton3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbObjectError
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMethod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbYesNoCancel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbShortTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxHelp
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbGet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSingle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNormalFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFriday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNewLine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbTextCompare
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLongDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLongTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbKatakana
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFormFeed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbHide
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSystem
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbRetry
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLowerCase
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbQuestion
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbVolume
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbThursday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNormal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbVariant
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbFalse
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbUseDefault
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxSetForeground
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbTab
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbUserDefinedType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbCritical
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbByte
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbCrLf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSaturday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbAbortRetryIgnore
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbCr
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbTuesday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNullChar
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMsgBoxRight
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbEmpty
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNormalNoFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbYesNo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSystemModal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbShortDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbUseSystem
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbNull
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbDecimal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbLinguisticCasing
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbSunday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbGeneralDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMaximizedFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbUseSystemDayOfWeek
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbWide
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbArchive
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbOKCancel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbInformation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbOKOnly
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMinimizedFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMinimizedNoFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbVerticalTab
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbWednesday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbBinaryCompare
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbCurrency
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbMonday
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.VisualBasic.Constants.vbRetryCancel
internalonly: False
---
