---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.GreenYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DimGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Moccasin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.NavajoWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumAquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Azure
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PaleTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Purple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Plum
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Aquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.ForestGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.RosyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.BlanchedAlmond
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.White
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Chocolate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Beige
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Bisque
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MintCream
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Cyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Coral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DeepSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PaleGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PowderBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.BlueViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Salmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Indigo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Thistle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Tan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkOrange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Violet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Lavender
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Snow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Lime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Red
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Green
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Pink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PeachPuff
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Khaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Wheat
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DodgerBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SeaShell
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumPurple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PaleVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Turquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Maroon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.CornflowerBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Aqua
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Navy
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.CadetBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Orchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkOliveGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Gold
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Sienna
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Gray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Gainsboro
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.RoyalBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Firebrick
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.GhostWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.HotPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Black
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Honeydew
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.AliceBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Yellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LawnGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Fuchsia
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Goldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Orange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.IndianRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.BurlyWood
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Blue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Transparent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Magenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.OldLace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Chartreuse
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Crimson
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumSpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Silver
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Brown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SandyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LimeGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DeepPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightSteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkKhaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Teal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MediumSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.AntiqueWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.OrangeRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Olive
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LemonChiffon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.FloralWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LavenderBlush
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Ivory
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PaleGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.OliveDrab
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Peru
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightCoral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightGoldenrodYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MistyRose
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.SaddleBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.YellowGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.PapayaWhip
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.WhiteSmoke
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkMagenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.DarkOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Cornsilk
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Tomato
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.LightYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.MidnightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Drawing.Pens.Linen
internalonly: False
---
