---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Olive
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Orchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Gold
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SaddleBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightCoral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PapayaWhip
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Ivory
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Khaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.GhostWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Tomato
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PeachPuff
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PaleVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Cyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkOrange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Orange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.BurlyWood
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightGoldenrodYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.BlanchedAlmond
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightSteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Tan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Aquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SandyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Goldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Sienna
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.AntiqueWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PaleTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.ForestGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Salmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumPurple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Navy
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LemonChiffon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Red
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PowderBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PaleGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LimeGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Azure
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Magenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Peru
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Turquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Honeydew
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DodgerBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Transparent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Thistle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkKhaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Purple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.RoyalBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Gray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Violet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.AliceBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DeepPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.NavajoWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.OliveDrab
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.RosyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Coral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Green
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Gainsboro
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.YellowGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Moccasin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.CornflowerBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumSpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Linen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.WhiteSmoke
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DimGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Maroon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Chocolate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.BlueViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.OrangeRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Blue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Aqua
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.GreenYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Yellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkOliveGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MidnightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Fuchsia
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.CadetBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.FloralWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Silver
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumAquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MediumSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DeepSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Pink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Lavender
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LawnGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Snow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Teal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Plum
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Beige
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SeaShell
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Chartreuse
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Wheat
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.HotPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.SeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LightPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Brown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Crimson
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Indigo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.LavenderBlush
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Bisque
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MintCream
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Firebrick
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Cornsilk
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.MistyRose
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.IndianRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.DarkMagenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Lime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.Black
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.OldLace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.White
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Brushes.PaleGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---
