---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.HotPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.BurlyWood
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.IndianRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Fuchsia
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Green
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.OrangeRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.OldLace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Lime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.CadetBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkSlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SeaShell
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Gray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Chocolate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.WhiteSmoke
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PaleTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Moccasin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Aqua
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightSteelBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Violet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.RoyalBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Transparent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.GhostWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Thistle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MintCream
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Blue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumPurple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.BlueViolet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Plum
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Tan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Khaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Honeydew
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.White
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Orange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightGoldenrodYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Linen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Crimson
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PaleGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.NavajoWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Aquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Ivory
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightSalmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LawnGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Yellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Indigo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Tomato
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkMagenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Wheat
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.AntiqueWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Silver
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PapayaWhip
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Cornsilk
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SaddleBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Snow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PaleGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumSpringGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.AliceBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkGoldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Orchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Firebrick
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.BlanchedAlmond
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Goldenrod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.RosyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Cyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumAquamarine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Salmon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Pink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Maroon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkTurquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PowderBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Olive
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightCoral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Navy
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Teal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Gold
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Azure
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.CornflowerBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MistyRose
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Brown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.FloralWhite
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.OliveDrab
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SandyBrown
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DeepPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightPink
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightSeaGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.GreenYellow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DimGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Gainsboro
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SlateGray
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Sienna
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Black
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Lavender
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Magenta
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkOrange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.YellowGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.ForestGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LemonChiffon
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkOrchid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Chartreuse
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MediumSlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Bisque
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Coral
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Peru
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Purple
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkKhaki
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LavenderBlush
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.MidnightBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Red
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.SlateBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DarkOliveGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Beige
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DeepSkyBlue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.Turquoise
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PaleVioletRed
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.PeachPuff
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LightCyan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.LimeGreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Colors.DodgerBlue
internalonly: False
---
