---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveLeftByWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToDocumentStart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DecreaseFontSize
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByPage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IgnoreSpellingError
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.TabBackward
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByLine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignCenter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignLeft
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleSubscript
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.Backspace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DeleteNextWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByParagraph
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.EnterLineBreak
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.TabForward
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleInsert
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByParagraph
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToLineStart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToLineStart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByParagraph
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IncreaseFontSize
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectRightByWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.EnterParagraphBreak
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveRightByCharacter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveRightByWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectLeftByWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveDownByPage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DeletePreviousWord
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToDocumentEnd
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignRight
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleSuperscript
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleItalic
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToDocumentEnd
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToLineEnd
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleNumbering
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleBold
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveLeftByCharacter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.Delete
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectUpByLine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByParagraph
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectRightByCharacter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByLine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.IncreaseIndentation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectLeftByCharacter
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.CorrectSpellingError
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.DecreaseIndentation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleBullets
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.ToggleUnderline
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.AlignJustify
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveToDocumentStart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByPage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectDownByLine
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.MoveUpByPage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Documents.EditingCommands.SelectToLineEnd
internalonly: False
---
