---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Ascent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.FirstChar
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.AverageCharWidth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.DefaultChar
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.LastChar
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Overhang
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.CharSet
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.DigitizedAspectY
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.ExternalLeading
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.MaxCharWidth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Height
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.DigitizedAspectX
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Weight
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.StruckOut
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.PitchAndFamily
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Underlined
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.InternalLeading
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Descent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.BreakChar
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.VisualStyles.TextMetrics.Italic
internalonly: False
---
