---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Rsa
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Integer64
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.String
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.DnsName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Double
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Date
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.UInteger64
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.RsaKeyValue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.UInteger32
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.DateTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.YearMonthDuration
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Base64Binary
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Time
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.X500Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Integer
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Sid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Email
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.DaytimeDuration
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.HexBinary
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.KeyInfo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.DsaKeyValue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.UpnName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Boolean
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Rfc822Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Fqbn
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Integer32
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Security.Claims.ClaimValueTypes.Base64Octet
internalonly: False
---
