---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.sin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.atan2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.cos
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.LN10
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.tan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.pow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.max
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.E
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.exp
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.PI
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.LN2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.SQRT2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.random
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.LOG10E
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.floor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.atan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.SQRT1_2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.round
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.asin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.abs
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.log
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.acos
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.min
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.ceil
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.sqrt
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientMathObject.LOG2E
internalonly: False
---
