---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getMinutes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toLocaleString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toTimeString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.valueOf
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCMonth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toLocaleDateString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setSeconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCMinutes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getHours
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getMonth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setMonth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setMilliseconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCFullYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setHours
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCMilliseconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toUTCString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setFullYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCHours
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setMinutes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toGMTString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCHours
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getDay
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCMilliseconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getVarDate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCDay
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getMilliseconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getSeconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCSeconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getTimezoneOffset
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCFullYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getFullYear
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCSeconds
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toLocaleTimeString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.toDateString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.getUTCMinutes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.constructor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: Microsoft.JScript.LenientDatePrototype.setUTCMonth
internalonly: False
---
