---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FlipHorizontal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.QualityLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.SubsamplingLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.CompressedDomainTranscode
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.Rotation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.HorizontalTileSlices
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.ImageQualityLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.Lossless
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FrequencyOrder
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.AlphaQualityLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.UseCodecOptions
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.ImageDataDiscardLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.VerticalTileSlices
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.AlphaDataDiscardLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.IgnoreOverlap
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.InterleavedAlpha
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.OverlapLevel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.Imaging.WmpBitmapEncoder.FlipVertical
internalonly: False
---
