---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.ResourceFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.WorkflowMarkupFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.CompilationOptions
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.KeyContainer
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.ProjectDirectory
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.RootNamespace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.Imports
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.AssemblyName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.OutputFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.KeyFile
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.KeepTemporaryFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.TemporaryFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.BuildingProject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.ReferenceFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.HostObject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.SourceCodeFiles
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.ProjectExtension
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.Execute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.DelaySign
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.Microsoft#Build#Framework#ITask#HostObject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.CompileWorkflowTask.TargetFramework
internalonly: False
---
