---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.Context
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.SignWith
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.AllowPostdating
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.KeyWrapAlgorithm
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.EncryptionAlgorithm
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.EncryptWith
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.CanonicalizationAlgorithm
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.AuthenticationType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.SignatureAlgorithm
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.RequestType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.AppliesTo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.UseKey
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.TokenType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.Lifetime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.Entropy
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.BinaryExchange
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.KeySizeInBits
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.KeyType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IdentityModel.Protocols.WSTrust.WSTrustMessage.ReplyTo
internalonly: False
---
