---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Subject
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Keywords
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Category
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Dispose
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Dispose(System.Boolean)
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Title
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Version
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.LastPrinted
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.ContentStatus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Creator
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.ContentType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Identifier
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Revision
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Language
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Modified
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Created
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.Description
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.IO.Packaging.PackageProperties.LastModifiedBy
internalonly: False
---
