---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.StrikethroughStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.Pattern
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.TextFlowDirectionsAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.OverlineStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.MarginBottomAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.TextChangedEvent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.BulletStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IndentationLeadingAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IsSuperscriptAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.OutlineStylesAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IndentationTrailingAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.TextSelectionChangedEvent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IndentationFirstLineAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.AnimationStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.MarginTrailingAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.HorizontalTextAlignmentAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IsHiddenAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.CultureAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.FontWeightAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.TabsAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.BackgroundColorAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.ForegroundColorAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.MarginTopAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.CapStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.OverlineColorAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.MixedAttributeValue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IsItalicAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.FontNameAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IsSubscriptAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.UnderlineStyleAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.StrikethroughColorAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.IsReadOnlyAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.FontSizeAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.MarginLeadingAttribute
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.TextPatternIdentifiers.UnderlineColorAttribute
internalonly: False
---
