---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.OriginalFilename
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.SpecialBuild
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileMinorPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.LegalCopyright
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.IsDebug
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.IsPatched
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileMajorPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.Comments
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.LegalTrademarks
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductMajorPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductBuildPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductMinorPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileVersion
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FilePrivatePart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.IsSpecialBuild
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductVersion
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ToString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.PrivateBuild
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.GetVersionInfo(System.String)
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileDescription
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.CompanyName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.FileBuildPart
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.Language
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.IsPreRelease
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.InternalName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.IsPrivateBuild
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.ProductPrivatePart
internalonly: False
---
