---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.SynchronousMode
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Shared
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.String
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.ClassModifier
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Class
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Decimal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.FactoryMethod
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Space
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Subclass
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Members
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.UnknownContent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.ClassAttributes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Code
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Type
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Uri
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Xml1998Namespace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Byte
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.AllDirectives
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Initialization
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.ConnectionId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Double
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Int32
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Lang
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Single
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.AsyncRecords
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.FieldModifier
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Boolean
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.TimeSpan
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Base
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Member
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Array
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Xaml2006Namespace
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Items
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.PositionalParameters
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Reference
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Static
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.XmlNamespaces
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.TypeArguments
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Int16
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.XData
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Char
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Key
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.XamlNamespaces
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Object
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Arguments
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Uid
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Int64
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.AllTypes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Property
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xaml.XamlLanguage.Null
internalonly: False
---
