---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.SchemaType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.FinalResolved
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.ElementType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.BlockResolved
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.SubstitutionGroup
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.Block
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.RefName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.Constraints
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.SchemaTypeName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.DefaultValue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.FixedValue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.Form
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.IsAbstract
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.QualifiedName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.Final
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.ElementSchemaType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaElement.IsNillable
internalonly: False
---
