---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet10
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.HistoricalLigatures
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet3
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet9
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.NumeralStyle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Fraction
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet8
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Capitals
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.SlashedZero
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.HistoricalForms
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet18
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet19
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet4
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualLigatures
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianLanguage
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet13
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet7
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Kerning
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.AnnotationAlternates
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet20
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet5
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StandardSwashes
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.CapitalSpacing
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.Variants
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StandardLigatures
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet14
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet6
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.DiscretionaryLigatures
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.OnPropertiesChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianWidths
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet2
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet12
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet11
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.CaseSensitiveForms
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet17
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.MathematicalGreek
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.EastAsianExpertForms
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.NumeralAlignment
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticAlternates
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet16
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualAlternates
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.StylisticSet15
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Media.TextFormatting.TextRunTypographyProperties.ContextualSwashes
internalonly: False
---
