---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.UpArrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.SizeNWSE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.AppStarting
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.IBeam
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollWE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollN
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Help
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollNS
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollSE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollAll
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.No
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Hand
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.SizeAll
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollNW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollS
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.None
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Arrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ArrowCD
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollNE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Cross
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.SizeNESW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Wait
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.SizeNS
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.ScrollSW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.SizeWE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Input.Cursors.Pen
internalonly: False
---
