---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanSE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.SizeNWSE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanNorth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanSouth
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.Help
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.SizeWE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.AppStarting
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.VSplit
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.IBeam
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.HSplit
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.WaitCursor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanNW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.Hand
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.NoMove2D
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanEast
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.SizeNS
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.SizeNESW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.NoMoveVert
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanNE
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanSW
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.No
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.SizeAll
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.Default
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.UpArrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.PanWest
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.NoMoveHoriz
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.Arrow
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.Cursors.Cross
internalonly: False
---
