---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.#ctor(System.Windows.Forms.SplitContainer)
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.TabStopChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Parent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.MaximumSize
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Dock
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.TabIndexChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Anchor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.AutoSizeChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.BorderStyle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.AutoSize
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.VisibleChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.MinimumSize
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.TabStop
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Visible
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Location
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.DockPadding
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Height
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Size
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Width
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.LocationChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.DockChanged
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.TabIndex
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Forms.SplitterPanel.AutoSizeMode
internalonly: False
---
