---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.WebSocket
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.IsLocal
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Timestamp
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Items
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.QueryString
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.ApplicationPath
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.RawUrl
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Server
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.FilePath
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.IsDebuggingEnabled
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.IsSecureConnection
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Cache
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.IsClientConnected
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.UrlReferrer
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.UserHostAddress
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Origin
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Profile
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.UserAgent
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.SecWebSocketVersion
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.User
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Application
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.SecWebSocketKey
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.PathInfo
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Cookies
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.AnonymousID
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.IsAuthenticated
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.UserHostName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.ConnectionCount
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.ClientCertificate
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.SecWebSocketProtocols
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Headers
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.#ctor
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Path
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.CookieCollection
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.ServerVariables
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.RequestUri
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.Unvalidated
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.UserLanguages
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocketContext.LogonUserIdentity
internalonly: False
---
